Copyright 2013 AppNeta, Inc.

All other components of this product are Copyright (c) 2008-2013 AppNeta, Inc.
All rights reserved.

Licensed under the AppNeta License, Version 1.0 (the "License"); you may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the
License at:

http://www.appneta.com/appneta-license

By using such files, you hereby agree and assent to the terms of the License.
You agree to the License and any assent to any changes that may occur.

Unless otherwise expressly agreed by AppNeta in a separate written license
agreement, these files are provided AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
including without any implied warranties of MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, or NON-INFRINGEMENT.  As a condition to your use of
these files, you are solely responsible for such use. AppNeta has no liability
to you for direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, or punitive
damages or for lost profits or data.

See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.

Certain inventions disclosed in this file may be claimed within patents owned or
patent applications filed by AppNeta, Inc. or third parties.  No implied license
is provided by use of this file.  Use of this file shall be only in conjunction
with the direct use of AppNeta software.

Subject to the terms of this notice, AppNeta grants you a nonexclusive,
nontransferable license, without the right to sublicense, to (a) install and
execute one copy of these files on any number of workstations owned or
controlled by you and (b) distribute verbatim copies of these files to third
parties and (c) install and execute these files only in conjunction with the
direct use of AppNeta software.  This file or any derivative thereof shall not
be used in conjunction with any product that competes with any AppNeta software.
As a condition to the foregoing grant, you must provide this notice along with
each copy you distribute.  You must not remove, alter, or obscure this notice.
All other use, reproduction, modification, distribution, or other exploitation
of these files is strictly prohibited, except as may be set forth in the License
and/or a separate written license agreement between you and AppNeta. The terms
of the License and any such separate written license agreement control over this
notice.  The license stated above is automatically terminated and revoked if you
exceed its scope or violate any of the terms of this notice or any other related
License.

This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks,
service marks, or product names of AppNeta, except as required for reasonable
and customary use in describing the origin of this file and reproducing the
content of this notice.  You may not mark or brand this file with any trade
name, trademarks, service marks, or product names other than the original brand
(if any) provided by AppNeta.
